chore: update docs (#14)
webdriverio/workshop: chapter_03.md

# WDIO Testrunner

If you have finished the last chapter successfully, good job 👍! If you just started with this chapter then no worries.

We are going to set up everything to automate Chrome on our machine with the WDIO Testrunner (and write our first automated script). The testrunner helps you with various things that you need in your day to day automation life. It provides you with useful reporters, services and other neat features that will make your life easier.

In this chapter, we gonna port our current Node.js automation script into a test suite that is using the testrunner. If you haven't written the script, then the objective for the script is as follows: write a simple Node.js script that does the following things:

1. Open the Chrome browser
2. Go to the following page: [http://todomvc.com/examples/vue/dist](http://todomvc.com/examples/vue/dist)
3. Enter 3 items into the ToDo list
4. Mark the second item as completed
5. Print out the amount of items left

> The objectives for the Testrunner are as follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The objectives for this chapter are as follow:
```

1. Initiate a `wdio.conf.ts` file using the WDIO setup wizard
2. Create a test directory where we put all our e2e test files
3. Port the code in your `test.ts` file into an actual test

> 4. Make your code asynchronous

Reviewer: I don't think we need this since the code never was anything but asynchronous.
```suggestion
```

> Since we've already written our automation script, we can press `n` here as our objective will be to transfer that script into a test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we've already written our automation script, we can press `n` here. We'll reserve the task of crafting our own page objects for a subsequent chapter.
```

If you select `y` you will get the following questions

> What should be the location of your spec files? ("suggested/path/test/specs/\*_/_.ts")

The auto-populated test files will be generated at this path. If you want you can provide your own.

> Do you want to use page objects (https://martinfowler.com/bliki/PageObject.html)?

Select if you want to use page objects.

> 

Reviewer: Should we include this, since we tell the user to continue with `n`?

Author: I'll remove it, tnx
